Add systemd-sysext docs for custom extensions (#232)
flatcar-linux/flatcar-docs: docs/container-runtimes/use-a-custom-docker-or-containerd-version.md

          runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"
          [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]
          SystemdCgroup = true
  links:
    - path: /etc/extensions/docker-flatcar.raw
      target: /dev/null
    - path: /etc/extensions/containerd-flatcar.raw

>       target: /dev/null

Author: The benefit of disabling the inbuilt sysext images is that we don't have binaries mixed when some are present in one bundle but not in the other, plus the whole `PATH` precedence mess is circumvented.

```

The empty file `/etc/systemd/system-generators/torcx-generator` serves the purpose of disabling Torcx to make sure it is not used accidentally in case `/opt/bin` was missing from the `PATH` variable.

> The `/etc/extensions/` symlinks make sure that the future inbuilt Docker/containerd sysext images won't be enabled.

Author: With version numbers there would be no way for the user to opt out unless they know the exact version that is going to be present in the Flatcar release and it would also introduce some logic to keep disabling it on updates.
Having no version avoids this.
We can still use a version in the symlinked sysext image, at least in the current implementation this is possible even if it's not called out in the "spec".

> The `/etc/extensions/` symlinks make sure that the future inbuilt Docker/containerd sysext images won't be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/etc/extensions/` symlinks make sure that the future built-in Docker/containerd sysext images won't be enabled.
```
